1.Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome.
2.Create a function that calculates the simple interest given principal, rate, and time.
3.Write a function to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
4.Create a function that converts Celsius to Fahrenheit.
5.Write a function to calculate the sum of squares of the first N natural numbers.
6.Create a function that returns the second largest number in a given list.
7.Write a function to check if a number is perfect (i.e., the sum of its proper divisors equals the number).
8.Create a function that counts the frequency of each character in a given string.
9.Write a function to find all prime numbers within a given range.
10.Create a function that takes a list of numbers and returns the average.
11.Write a function to calculate the square of a number.
12.Create a function that takes two numbers as arguments and returns their sum.
13.Write a function to find the maximum of three numbers.
14.Create a function to check whether a number is prime.
15.Write a function to count the number of vowels in a given string.
16.Create a function to determine if a given number is an Armstrong number.
17.Write a function to calculate the factorial of a number using recursion.
18.Create a function that returns the reverse of a given string.
19.Write a function to generate the Fibonacci sequence up to N terms.
20.Create a function to find the sum of all numbers in a given list.
21.Write a program to print the first 10 natural numbers using a loop.
22.Create a program to calculate the sum of all numbers from 1 to N.
23.Write a program to display the multiplication table of a number entered by the user.
24.Develop a program to find the factorial of a given number.
25.Write a program to count the number of digits in a given number.
26.Create a program to reverse a given number using a loop.
27.Write a program to display all even numbers between 1 and 50.
28.Develop a program to find the sum of digits of a given number.
29.Write a program to print the Fibonacci series up to N terms.
30.Create a program to calculate the sum of all odd numbers between 1 and 100.
31.Write a program to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers using a loop.
32.Create a program to check if a given number is a palindrome.
33.Write a program to find the least common multiple (LCM) of two numbers.
34.Develop a program to print a pattern of stars in the shape of a right triangle.
35.Write a program to print the sum of the first N even numbers using a loop.
36.Write a program to check if a number is positive, negative, or zero.
37.Create a program to find the largest of three numbers entered by the user.
38.Write a program that checks whether a number is even or odd.
39.Develop a program to determine if a given year is a leap year.
40.Write a program to check if a character entered by the user is a vowel or consonant.
41.Create a program that checks whether a person is eligible to vote based on age.
42.Write a program to determine if a number is divisible by both 3 and 5.
43.Create a program to find the grade of a student based on marks (A, B, C, D, F).
44.Write a program to check if a number is a multiple of another number.
45.Develop a program that determines the quadrant of a point in the Cartesian plane.
46.Write a program to verify if the entered password matches a predefined password.
47.Create a program to check if a number is within a given range (e.g., 1 to 100).
48.Write a program to calculate electricity bill based on usage with different slab rates.
49.Create a program to check if a given number is prime or not.
50.Write a program to determine if a triangle is valid based on its three angles.
